This is the PHISH package for streaming data analysis.

PHISH stands for Parallel Harness for Informatics Stream Hashing.

Copyright (2012) Sandia Corporation.  Under the terms of Contract
DE-AC04-94AL85000 with Sandia Corporation, the U.S. Government retains
certain rights in this software.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

The PHISH package is simple, portable library which, along with a
Python setup script, allows you to hook together a collection of
independent stand-alone programs so that they can collectively compute
something of interest by sending messages to each other.  Often this
involves processing a large volume of data that arrives in a
continuous, streaming fashion or is read from an archive of files;
hence the term "informatics" in the acronym.

The individual programs can be written in any language (e.g. C, C++,
Fortran, Python) and are linked to the PHISH library so that they can
receive incoming data from upstream sources, process it, and send new
data downstream.

A PHISH input script allows specification of the set of programs to
launch as independent procsses, how many copies of each are inovked,
and the topology of how they connect to each other as they send and
receive data.  Thus the input script encodes an algorithm for
processing continuous data from a stream source or archived data from
files.  The supported communication topologies include a "hashed" mode
of messaging where a "key" is hashed to determine what process to send
data to.  This is a means of exploiting parallelism in a streaming
context, akin to a MapReduce operation.

The exchange of datums between processes is handled within the PHISH
library either by calls to the message-passing interface (MPI)
library, or by sockets via the ZMQ library.  A PHISH tool converts the
input script into a configuration file that can be launched by either
mpirun or a shell script.  In the former case, a PHISH program can run
on any platform that supports MPI.  In the latter case, a PHISH
program can run on a single desktop machine or across any network of
(geographically distributed) machines that support socket connections.

The PHISH package and its accompanying software is licensed under the
Berkeley Software Distribution (BSD) License, which basically means it
can be used by anyone for any purpose.  See the LICENSE file in this
directory for details.

The most current version of the library including all bug fixes and
new featues can be downloaded at
www.sandia.gov/~sjplimp/download.html.

The authors of PHISH are Steve Plimpton and Tim Shead at Sandia
National Laboratories who can be contacted at sjplimp, tshead at
sandia.gov.  Or see www.sandia.gov/~sjplimp.

This PHISH distribution includes the following files and directories:

README			   this file
LICENSE			   the BSD License
bait			   Python setup script
doc			   documentation
examples 		   simple PHISH scripts
minnow			   stand-alone programs which link to the PHISH library
python			   Python wrapper files on PHISH library
src			   PHISH library source files

Point your browser at doc/Manual.html to get started.
